#xTend 0.7.0
##Auto backup

If you have set up the permissions on the `\System\Backups` directory correctly, xTend will create your first backup when you run the system in your browser for example. The name of the backup consists of a timestamp followed by a date and time. The format of the date and time is `YmdHis`.

###Change backup interval
If you'd like to change the frequence xTend creates a new backup you can set it in the `\System\Core\App.php`. You can change the private variable `private $_backupInterval` to any valid PHP timespan.

###Disable auto-backup
If you don't want automatic backups, you can just set the backup interval to `false` and there will never be any backups created.

###Limiting the amount of backups
You can also limit the amount of backups the will store. You can set this limit in the private variable `private $_backupLimit`. Any time the limit is exceeded, the oldest backups will be removed automatically. You can also set the limit to `false` to keep an unlimited amount of backups.

###Sidenote
Remember the backups don't include the `\System\Backup` folder itself. If it did the size of the backups would grow exponentially.

###Using a config file
You can also use a configuration file to set the backup interval and limit. You can use the methods `setBackupLimit($limit)` and `setBackupInterval($interval)` to set these settings.

###Force a Backup
You can also force create a backup by getting the backup manager from your current app using `getBackupManager()` and calling the `create` method on the returned object with it's first parameter being `true`. The parameter will tell the backup manager to force create a backup overriding the interval setting.
```
    $app->getBackupManager()->create(true);
```
