#xTend 0.7.0
##Using WOW templates

By default, xTend has a simple but very customizable templating engine built in. It's core functionality really supports only a couple of custom `tags` or `expressions`. These differ for `Layouts`, `Modules` and `Views` and we'll be going over these 3 separately.

###Modules
Modules can be created in the `\System\Modules` directory. Keep in mind you can make subfolders to structurize your modules. When looking at the core functionality of WOW, a module will only support 1 core tag being the `module` tag. This tag is used to include other modules, you should NOT include the same module as this might result in an infinite loop as it keeps trying to include itself. To include a module you'll just enter `@module({module-name-and-path})`. Remember to specify the subpath inside the `Modules` folder inside the brackets and separate folders using `.`. So for example when there is a module located at `\System\Modules\Foo\Bar.wow.php`, you'll write something like `@module(Foo.Bar)`. You can also use pure PHP code to add a module in and you can check that out in a compiled view for example.

Besides the supported core tag there are also some extra expressions defined in the WOW configuration file. These expressions will help you writing more readable temaplates but these aren't by any means necessary to run the system. This configuration file defines some tags such as an `if` statement, a `for` loop, a `foreach` loop and more. You can easily check out what other expressions are pre-defined by taking a look inside the file. (These are in fact just regular expressions and their replacements so you shouldn't have too hard of a time understanding how it'll all work if you have a basic knowledge of regex. If you struggle with regex you can always use a tool such as [Regexr](http://regexr.com) to see what the regular expression will catch).

####An example of an if statement with a data echo
```
@if(isset($_GET["name"]))
    @($_GET["name"])
@end
```

###Layouts
You can create WOW layouts in the `\System\Layouts` directory. Keep in mind you can make subfolders to structurize your project. A layout will support the same tags as the Module but besides that it will also support the `section` tag. You can add a `section` tag to define a part where view content can be placed. An example would be `@section(body)` which will tell WOW there is a section called `body` inside the layout. The engine will then look for this section of content inside a view if it inherits the layout.

###Views
A view supports the same tags as the Module but it'll also support the tags `version`, `compile` and `layout`. The `version` tag will just define the version of the view. This is important for the compilation as the version number will be used in the filename of the compiled view. This way you can track view changes which went wrong. The `layout` tag can be used to specify which layout the view should inherit from and the `compile` tag sets the compile option of the view. There are 5 options in total, these are  

* never
* always
* version
* change
* change+version  

The `never` option will make sure the view never compiles while the `always` setting will compile the view everytime the view is requested by a user. `version` will compile when the version number advances and `change` will compile when the contents of the view (or the contents of the layout or module) change. The `change+version` setting is the most advanced one and this will compile only when there were changes AND the version has advanced. Below is an example of a view inheriting.  

Besides these engine settings a view will also support the `startsection` and `endsection` tags to specify the section content for it's layout whenever the view inherits one. Pretty straight forward (do keep in mind that not every section of the layout needs to be present. If there is no section content defined, it'll just insert nothing.)  

####Example
```
@version:1.1
@layout:foo.Bar
@compile:change+version

@startsection:head
    <title>Hello world</title>
@endsection:head
```
