#xTend 0.7.0
##Creating routes

To create a route in your current application you can use the router object of your current application. To get the current router you can call the `getRouter()` method.
```
    $app = \xTend\getCurrentApp(__NAMESPACE__);
    $router=$app->getRouter();
```

###Route options
####Simple text
You can set the route option to just text. This setting will simply echo out the text and is probably only useful for testing.  
####Function
You can also set it to a function which will be called when the route is loaded. The current app will always be passed to the function upon call.  
####Array of options
Thirdly, you can also set it to an array of route options. In this array you can set a couple of settings such as a controller (or multiple controllers), a model (or multiple models) and a view (or multiple views). When specifying a model you can also define a function to call automatically after initializing the controller. Some examples:  
```
    [
        "controller" => "controller@func",
        "controllers => [
            "controller.a",
            "controller.b@func"
        ],
        "view" => "my.view",
        "views" => [
            "my.viewA",
            "my.viewB"
        ],
        "model" => "foo.bar",
        "models" = [
            "foo.bar"
        ]
    ]
```
The above is an example of all the options combined. Remember that the `.` separator will translate to a file path.

###Adding Home route
To add a `home` route you have to use the `home` method which expects just 1 parameter being the route option.
```
    $router->home({option});
```

###Adding GET routes
You can also add GET routes by using the `get` method with 2 parameters being the url to catch and the route option. Optionally you can also define an alias for the route.
```
    $router->get("{url}", {option}, "{alias}");
```

###Adding POST routes
Adding POST routes works exactly the same as adding GET routes. Just use the `post` method instead of the `get` one.
```
    $router->post("{url}", {option}, "{alias}");
```

###Adding ANY routes
An ANY route is a route which covers both POST and GET. The method to use for this is `any` and it works just like the GET and POST methods.
```
    $router->any("{url}", {option}, "{alias}");
```

###Adding Default route
Adding a default route wokrs approximately the same as adding 

###Adding Error route
