#xTend 0.7.0
##Route array options

###view
You can set the `view` key to specify the view you want to load. You don't have to include the extensions just the filename and the path. Keep in mind that the `.` character will be converted to a path.  
####Example
```
[
    "view" => "foo.bar.view"
]
```
In this example the view is located at `\System\Views\foo\bar`. The file to use will be automatically detected, so your resulting view can be `\System\Views\foo\bar\view.php` or `\System\Views\foo\bar\view.wow.php`.

###views
You can also opt for the `views` option which will load multiple views. This might only be useful in very specific situations.
####Examle
```
[
    "views" => [
        "foo.bar.content",
        "foo.bar.javascript"
    ]
]
```
In this example we intend to separate the content and the JavaScript of the page, so we have created and included 2 views.

###controller
You can also specify a controller to use. Within the controller definition you can both specify it's namespace and the functions you want to execute automatically. To specify the namespace of the controller class you just need to add it to it's name. For automated function calling you need to add an `@` sign for every function.
####Example
```
[
    "controller" => "foo.bar.my\namespace\conroller@call@callaswell"
]
```
In this example the controller is located at `\System\Controllers\foo\bar\controller.php`. The namespace of the controller class is `my\namespace` and the functions `call` and `callaswell` will be executed.

###controllers
Just like with the views you can also specify multiple controllers. Just use the `controllers` key and specify an array of controller definitions.

###model
To define a model you can use the `model` key. Just specify the name and path of the model (and optionally the namespace, if none is given, defaults to `xTend`).

###models
Specify an array of models using the `models` key.

###data
You can also pass data to either the controller or the view by adding an array of data with the `data` key. All the data will be passed to either the controller or the view. The view will only receive data if no controller has been added, else every controller specified will receive the data. Beware, every controller will now have his own instance of the data and thus data may differ after controller execution.
