#xTend 0.7.0
##Including addtional classes and files

###When to include?  
You can include your additional classes and files at any moment in the App load sequence though keeping the sequence in mind it might be good to include them in for example a `Pre Configuration` method if the class needs a configuration file. If not you can load them inside a `Post Configuration` method. You can define these methods inside the `\www\index.php` file but you can also create a file in the `Libs` folder as these are included automatically. Alternatively you can also create a configuration file to load everything you want since these are also included automatically.

###Including classes
To include one or more additional classes you can use the `xTend\ClassManager` helper class. Using this class will prevent doubly loading in classes and is faster than using `require_once`.  

####Include one class
>To load just one class you can use the method `includeClass`. This method expects 2 parameters, the first one being the classname including it's namespace and the second one being the path to the file.
```
    xTend\ClassManager::includeClass("foo\\Bar", "path\\to\\file.php");
```

####Include multiple classes
>To load multiple classes you can use the method `includeClasses`. This method expects 1 parameter being an array of classnames and filepaths.
```
    xTend\ClassManager::includeClasses([
        ["foo\\Bar", "path\\to\\file.php"],
        ["candy\\Bar", "path\\to\\candy.php"]
    ]);
```

###Including files
You can also include a file without specifying a classname using the `FileManager` class. This is a bit slower than using the `ClassManager` but it's still faster than using `require_once` all the time.

<blockquote>
####Include one file
To include a single file you can use the `includeFile` method which expects 1 parameter. This parameter is the path to the file.
```
    xTend\FileManager::includeFile("path\\to\\file.php");
```
</blockquote>

<blockquote>
    <h4>Include multiple files</h4>
    <p>Multiple files can also be included at once using <code>includeFiles</code>. This method also expects exactly 1 parameter begin an array of paths to the respective files.</p>
    <code>
        xTend\FileManager::includeFiles([
            "path\\to\\file.php",
            "path\\to\\candy.php"
        ]);
    </code>
</blockquote>
