#xTend 0.7.0
##Understanding the folder structure

When you first dive into the xTend folder structure you'll encounter 2 directories at first.  
These are the `www` and the `System` directory.

###System
The `System` folder contains all the necessary files to make your xTend app actually run like it should.
There are several directories inside:
    * `\Backups`: This is where your backups will be stored if you have auto-backup enabled in xTend
    * `\Blueprints`: Here you'll find some classes which are used by to `extend` some other objects. As the name suggests, these classes should only be used for extending other classes. You can add your own blueprint classes here as well, though these aren't automatically included, but there are some methods available to include those very easily.
    * `\Config`: In this directory you'll find some configuration files. By default, here you'll find a file to store your routes, another one which calls the built-in Leafo SCSS compiler and a third one which registers some handy expressions you can use in the WOW templating engine (default templating engine for views). The config files are automatically included.
    * `\Controllers`: This is where you'll store your own controllers. If you don't know what this is you might want to read a bit about the MVC structure.
    * `\Core`: The core directory contains all core xTend files. You shouldn't fiddle too much in these files except if you know what you're after. You can however change some variables at the top of the `App.php` file here but you can also set these using a configuration file.
    * `\Layouts`: If you are using WOW layouts you'll be storing those in here. You will be able to read more about the templating engine in the rest of the documentation.
    * `\Libs`: This is where you can store your third-party libraries. The files in here are automatically included when running an xTend app (though you can edit the order and inclusion of files a bit but more about this later)
    * `\Logs`: xTend will automatically log some errors such as 404's and write them here. You can make xTend write your own error codes here as well which you'll learn later.
    * `\Meta`: In this directory you'll find some meta files which xTend uses to track some additional info about it's files.
    * `\Models`: As we're following the MVC structure, you can store your custom models in here.
    * `\Modules`: The modules directory will house all your WOW modules.
    * `\Objects`: This is where you can store your objects. These may or may not derive from the blueprints and you don't have to store your object classes in here though it would keep everything together a bit. These aren't included automatically though so you'll have to manually include these (again more about file inclusion later)
    * `\ViewOutput`: Your compiled WOW views are saved here.
    * `\Views`: These are your actual views. These can be WOW or normal PHP files either will work.

###www
The `www` folder is the public directory. Here you will store all your publicly accessible files such as
images, javascript files, css files (the sass files are currently also located here, but you could change this).
In essence, you can call this directory anything you want. It can be `public`, `public_html`, ... You'll just have to make sure
the `index.php` file inside the public directory requires in the right file. At this moment the `require_once` points to
`../System/Core/App.php` but if you move or rename this directory you'll have to change this to wherever your `System` directory is located. If you don't do this, the `index.php` won't find the xTend files and it, obviously, won't work.
